July 21, 2023
Andrew G. Alt received his GED from the state of Minnesota when he was only 19 years old. In 2014 he published his first book, [book: Mental Dimensions: Tales of Fantasy for a New Generation|123089332] (a revised edition was issued in 2023). Since its release, under five billion copies worldwide have been sold, a number which is expected to double every year, until his unexpected death in 2038. Andrew and his book have been mentioned thousands of times in every major newspaper (although the individual letters of his name and book have never been used together or in sequence). He's never been indicted on charges of employing an organized crime family to market his book, nor has any evidence yet been found that would lead to a successful conviction. Even Andrew's detractors have compared him to notable authors such as Ernest Hemingway, Mark Twain, and Stephen King: "He's not nearly as talented as those three, and never will be." It's been predicted that he'll receive a Pulitzer Prize for Literature, and ever since his mother made that prediction, she's never recanted. When asked about her son's book she often replied, "It's good enough to read to my grandchildren; they typically fall asleep after the first few paragraphs. I absolutely believe that Andrew G. Alt should write more books that make children stop crying, or at least take these darn kids off my hands for a few hours!"


Old bio:

Andrew G. Alt began writing fiction at age 17, in 1990. The decision to pursue and develop his talent for story-telling was primarily influenced by the encouragement and direction he received from his high school teachers. Andrew has also written opinion pieces about local and national political issues, some of which have been published in print editions of community newspapers. In addition to fiction and commentary, he has experience writing humor and satire, and his work has been republished on several web sites and blogs. Andrew's employment experience consists of technology, employee training, production, and factory positions. Several years ago, he began practicing mindfulness meditation, and learned to read sheet music and play the piano. He currently resides in Minnesota (USA).
